---
title: The Space Between Us
tags: ['Chapter']
---
'The Space Between Us' is a chapter of the [comic](/_wiki/index.md), preceded by [Bet On It](/_wiki/bet-on-it.md) and followed by [Heaven Lies Beneath](/_wiki/heaven-lies-beneath.md).

## [Episode 1](https://tapas.io/episode/1946636)
[Miriam](/_wiki/miriam.md) discusses her schedule with [Farrah](/_wiki/farrah.md) and [Zeynep](/_wiki/zeynep.md), until an aide tells her the [council](/_wiki/council.md) is meeting. [Aria](/_wiki/aria.md) chairs the meeting, outlining the dates of festivities for [As-Sami](/_wiki/as-sami.md) in [Dilmun](/_wiki/dilmun.md), [Abu Eankabut](/_wiki/abu-eankabut.md) and [Alqadima](/_wiki/alqadima.md). [Assyria](/_wiki/assyria.md), [Bahr Aaqala](/_wiki/bahr-aaqala.md), [Parsi](/_wiki/parsi.md) and [Durrani](/_wiki/durrani.md) have a slightly delayed start to the celebration, and [Anatolia](/_wiki/anatolia.md), [Rajastan](/_wiki/rajastan.md), [Kazakhstan](/_wiki/kazakhstan.md) as well as both [Eastern](/_wiki/eastern-turkistan.md) and [Western Turkistan](/_wiki/western-turkistan.md) will have the shortest celebration. [Zarina](/_wiki/zarina.md) of Kazakhstan proposes an official sermon for [Al Basir](/_wiki/al-basir.md), having prepared a dossier on the idea. Aria calls for a vote about whether or not they should read Zarina's proposal, which fails. Only a few people vote to review the proposal: on one side of the council table only Miriam, [Abdi](/_wiki/abdi.md) and another council member. Abdi explains his reasoning based on official recognition of [Al Muqit and Al Ba'ith](/_wiki/al-muqit-and-al-baith.md). [Esfahani](/_wiki/esfahani.md) challenges that argument, calling Al Basir only a folk religion like [Al 'Adl](/_wiki/al-adl.md), and citing budget. [Shakur](/_wiki/shakur.md) asks [Mahedi](/_wiki/mahedi.md) about security plans, who reveals that houses [Nurul](/_wiki/nurul.md), [Sonam](/_wiki/sonam.md) and [Aibek](/_wiki/aibek.md) have provided security staff. Miriam leaves as an argument breaks out over no support given to regions outside of the central three (Dilmun, Abu Eankabut and Alqadima).

## [Episode 2](https://tapas.io/episode/1946638)
Miriam spots [Sam](/_wiki/sam.md) in the palace. Sam says she won't be joining the council because her grandmother [Zarina](/_wiki/zarina.md) is there for it. Miriam tries to persuade Sam that she has a fresh perspective because she is from a different generation than Zarina, but Sam thinks the government is corrupt and wants no part in it beyond her prophecies.
